so the other day I was shopping and went
to this little boutique that one to
charge be twelve dollars for this really
cute starfish hair clip after taking a
look at it I realized it's super easy
and I probably do it myself so i went to
michaels lots of the dried starfish
couple of metal clips and a glue gun is
hot glue cost me like 10 bucks total and
i made like four of them so first all
you need is going to be a little
starfish the metal clip they come in
little boxes of like 12 and they're like
295 you need a glue gun were they hot
glue stick so what you're going to do is
you are going to measure out where the
pin will fit on the starfish so that it
won't shut this case you can just put it
like that make the little groove and
they're really nice you can't see it
when you flip it around so just go ahead
and glue this with hot glue gun make
sure it's all covered in there make sure
not to seal the top of the clip to the
bottom of it because that's where pain
in the butt and I'll just let it dry for
a couple of seconds
Davis so it's about John super simple
took like 30 seconds hold on just toss
the glue gun away yeah there you go it's
clipped on just like that you can see
you can take the clip up them down then
my hair is kind of a mess the sides let
down besides in a braid you can just
take the hair clip like this just stick
it in 10 if you can see it can you see
there you go super cute keep your hair
up a little bit of a little mermaid
touch to it we're like you could do with
a fishtail braid add a little bit more
fishiness to it
look at super cute there's the braid oh
I'm gralla day I also did one other
starfish about quite sure what kind
starfish mrs. but I don't clip to it
it's pretty big stick it in the hair so
cool I like it so yeah I've got one then
two three and four one being my favorite
because it's like big and difficult at
one